[SOFT GROAN]
[CREATURE SQUEALING]
[ENGLISH ACCENT] That's the ugliest thing
I've ever seen in my whole life.
Oh, yes. It certainly is.
Who sent it?
Oh! Well, that's strange. It doesn't say.
Where could it have come from?
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
- I don't like it. It's staring at me.
It's probably
one of Uncle Arthur's little jokes.
Well, I don't think it's funny at all.
[GIRL GRUNTS]
- [BREATHING]
- [HEART BEATING]
[HINGES CREAK]
- [THUNDERCLAP]
- [RAGGED BREATHING]
[CACKLING]
[THUNDERCLAP]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[PANTING]
[WOMAN] Darling?
I'm just going to have a shower.
- [CREATURE EXHALES]
- [MAN] Be there in a minute.
[CLOCK CHIMING]
[WHISTLING TUNE]
Claudia.
I've told you not to leave your toys
lying about.
Good God.
You are hideous.
- Claudia?
- What?
I've got a bone to pick with you,
young lady.
We had an agreement, didn't we?
- Didn't we?
- But, Daddy, I didn't leave it there.
In a civilized society,
our word is our bond.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Just because it's your birthday, that
doesn't mean that you can relinquish all...
- [GROANING]
- [CREATURE CACKLING]
[RAGGED BREATHING]
[PANTING]
[THUNDER CONTINUES]
[HINGES CREAKING]
Richard?
Richard, what was that?
[SCREAMING]
Huh?
[RAGGED BREATHING]
[SNICKERING]
[GASPS]
Ahh.
[SHARP GRUNT]
- You killed my mummy and daddy.
- [LIQUID TRICKLING]
And now you're pissing your pants!
You're pissing your pants!
- You're pissing your pants!
- [GASPS, SCREAMS]
Wake up. You're pissing your pants.
[METAL CLANKS]
[MAN] And now, ladies and gentlemen,
what you've all been waiting for.
Shitface and the greatest ventriloquist
in all of England,
the psychotic Psychs!
[SHOUTING]
Shut up!
This grotesque abomination...
he ain't even anatomically correct.
[LAUGHING]
Don't laugh. It's a serious condition.
Six years ago, I found it
in a cemetery back in the States.
Little fucker tried to rip me throat out.
I was trying to give you a hug.
[THINKING] I don't know much about myself.
I know I'm an orphan.
I know I'm a freak.
And, of course, I know that I'm Japanese.
But why do I have
such terrible nightmares,
filled with hate and blood and guts?
I'm not like that at all.
I wouldn't even hurt a fly.
Oh! There he goes, back to his family.
Oh, I envy him.
Sometimes I wonder about my own parents.
Were they Zen masters?
Did they serve the emperor?
Oh, sometimes I wonder
what my mum and dad were really like.
[WIND WHISTLING]
So, you don't believe in Santa Claus.
Well, trust me, honey,
tonight I'm gonna make you believe.
You wait to see what Santa's bringing you,
you naughty girl.
No, I can hear you fine.
You're not breaking up.
Sheila,
I just said you're not breaking up.
Oh.
You're breaking up... with me.
Wait. You're breaking up with me
on Christmas Eve?
Sheila,
you have got to be fucking kidding me.
Sheila!
Well, that's just great.
[OBJECT THUDS]
[OBJECT BEEPING, CLICKING]
- [WOMAN'S VOICE] Hello.
- [VIDEO GAME NOISES]
[SHARP GROANING] God!
- [MUTTERING]
- [TOY SQUEAKS]
[JOINTS CREAKING]
- Aah!
- [GASPS]
- I knew it!
You're not real.
[COUGHING, GURGLING]
[FEMALE VOICE] You were never real.
You know what that kind of disappointment
can do to somebody?
Do you have any idea
how that can fuck with your mind?
- Fuck with your mind...
- [GROANING]
- [CACKLING]
Fuck with your mind...
- Fuck with your mind...
- Chucky's broke again.
This is bloody ridiculous.
- [MAN] Cut. Cut. Cut.
- [BELL RINGING]
- Twenty-four, take one.
- Kill the snow!
Get off me.
Tony, what was that?
I'm sorry. [STAMMERS]
This is unprofessional,
and I can't work like this.
No, no, Jason. I'm sorry.
No, Jason, please wait.
We're here in Hollywood,
where production is under way
on the new horror flick,
Chucky Goes Psycho.
The film tells the urban legend
of Chucky and Tiffany,
two dolls supposedly possessed
by serial killers.
The dolls were found at the scene
of a string of real-life murders,
which remain unsolved to this day.
Hey, you guys,
I think Tiffany's left arm is loose again.
- [CRACKLES]
- [GASPS]
Yeah, I-I'm looking for Jennifer.
Does anyone have a 20 on Jennifer?
[MAN ON EARPHONES]
Check the catering truck.
- Mm.
- Jennifer.
- [GASPS]
- Got you a Skinny Quick.
- Oh.
- Ms. Tilly, we're ready for you on set.
- [SLURPING]
- [WOMAN] Jennifer, I am so proud of you.
- For what?
- For sticking to your diet.
Oh, thank you.
What's going on in the world today?
Julia Roberts is getting 25 mil
for her next film.
Julia Roberts. I'm so tired
of hearing about Julia Roberts.
You know,
I should have played Erin Brockovich.
I could have done it
without the WonderBra.
Julia stole that part
right out from under me.
You know how she did it? She slept
with the director. That's what I think.
Jennifer, you know that's not true.
How come I don't ever get
any of the good roles anymore?
How come nobody takes me seriously?
- Nice tits.
- Thank you.
- [CHUCKLING]
- I mean, look at me.
I'm an Oscar nominee, for Christ's sake,
and now I'm fucking a puppet.
I've got no fan mail.
No paparazzi. No stalkers.
Well,
there must be something I'm right for.
Let's see.
Uh... Oh!
"Hip-hop superstar-turned-director Redman
is still looking for the right actress
to take the female lead
in his upcoming Bible epic."
That sounds good. What's the role?
[CHUCKLES] The Virgin Mary.
- What's so funny?
- Nothing.
It's perfect.
It's just what I need to reinvent myself.
The Virgin Mary.
I always loved the way she wore robes
and her hair off her face,
kind of like this.
Joan. Joan. Get Morty on the phone
and tell him I need to take a meeting
with this Redman.
- Right away.
- Okay.
That's a wrap for Access Hollywood,
reporting from Hollywood,
where, as you can see,
Chucky and Tiffany are alive and well.
You can catch their movie
in theaters next Halloween.
Thank you, Chucky.
- Fuck you very much.
- [LAUGHTER]
[GASPS]
I'm no orphan after all.
Well,
you were shit last night.
You are going to have to be more scary.
- [LOCK CLICKS]
- Scary?
[CHUCKLES]
- Let's rehearse, shall we, eh?
- [SQUEAKING]
[GASPS]
[WHIMPERS]
[RAGGED BREATHING]
[SQUEAKING]
Ahh.
Hello.
[GROANS]
Look,
you gotta learn to tap into
your killer instincts, mate.
Give into your natural impulses!
Or else I'm gonna have to, uh...
[CLICKS]
...fire you.
- [CRUNCHES]
- Aah!
Hey!
- [ENGINE REVVING]
- Hey!
Come here!
[GRUNTS]
[NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[PAPERS SHUFFLING]
[MAN] Mary, you are truly
a vision of unsullied innocence,
unique among all women,
as pure as the virgin snow.
But I "aks," what is troubling you?
Joseph, husband,
there's been a miracle.
As I stand before you,
I must tell you, I am with child.
[GASPS] But, Mary, how could this be?
In accordance with God's wishes,
we've never lain together as man and wife.
Yes, it is true,
and I beg you
that you believe me when I tell you
I have never lain with any man at all.
Do you believe me, Joseph? Do you?
- Do you?
- Yes. Yes, I do.
- Uh, you were great. You were super.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Man.
Oh, can I call you Red?
Listen, there's a whole lot
of different ways I could do it.
Not just the way you saw. I could do it
faster. I could do it slower. I could...
- I could do it as a rap. [LAUGHS]
- Uh, no. No, no, no.
You already showed me a side of
the character that I never seen before.
Oh, thank you.
But I think I'm gonna have to go
with my first choice.
- Oh.
- Thanks for coming by anyway.
I mean, really, I'm a huge, huge fan.
I really wanna work with you one day.
We should call...
Um, excuse me.
I hope you don't mind me asking,
but who is your first choice?
Julia Roberts.
But thanks for coming by anyway.
Uh, listen. Listen, Red.
Um, I've been giving a lot of thought
to this project,
and I have a lot of interesting ideas
about the character,
and I was thinking maybe
you would like to discuss it
in a more intimate setting.
Just the two of us.
Oh. Oh, well,
I didn't know
you was that passionate about the role.
Oh, yes, I'm very passionate.
Hmm.
So, shall we say my place?
8:00?
[MOUTHING WORD]
Ooh!
[OBJECT THUDS]
[GRUNTING]
[RAGGED BREATHING]
[SCREAMS]
Pardon me, sir.
Oh. Oh, uh, sorry.
S-Sorry, sir.
Don't mind me.
Just... Excuse me.
Oh, dear.
Oh, dear. Oh, dear.
Mum?
[GASPS] Dad?
I've dreamed of this moment all my life.
I know this must come
as quite a shock.
It's going to be an adjustment
for all of us.
Look.
I still have the necklace you left me.
I've always wanted to know.
What do these words mean?
Is it our family motto?
Please say something.
It's because of the way I look, isn't it?
For pity's sake.
Please wake up.
[GASPS]
Wake up?
"Ade due Damballa.
Awake."
[WHIMPERS]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
Oh.
[GASPS]
[MOANING]
[GROANS]
Tiff?
Chucky?
Aah!
Who the hell are you?
Shitface.
[SNICKERING]
Now, what kind of a name is that?
Where are your mother and father?
Judging from that face,
my guess is they're hiding.
- [SNICKERS]
- Shut up, you asshole.
[CHUCKY] Well, come on. It looks like
the kid fell off the ugly tree
and hit every branch on the way down.
[CACKLES]
I mean,
you gotta feel bad for the parents.
I wonder what they must look like.
[LAUGHING] Whoa.
Oh, my God.
[IN JAPANESE]
What? No, you...
We didn't... You didn't...
- We didn't...
- [LAUGHING]
Sweetface, come to Mommy.
[GROANS]
What's... What's going on?
Where are we?
In Hollywood. I saw you on the telly.
- Chucky. Chucky, wake up.
- [GROANS]
Look at us. We've had makeovers.
We're movie stars.
- [DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
- [GASPS]
Shit. Barbie mode.
[TONY] No, they're puppets.
They don't walk and talk by themselves.
Listen, if you want them to work,
I'm gonna have to take them apart.
[MUFFLED GROAN]
Is Mommy ill?
The courts thought so.
[WHIRRING]
[MOANS]
Oh!
[GASPS]
- Heads up.
- [GASPS]
[GROANS]
They're stark raving mad.
[BOTH MOANING]
[LIQUID TRICKLING]
Hey, you're pissing your pants.
Chucky, she just had an accident.
You mean, he had an accident.
Don't look at me.
See? What did I tell you?
A beautiful little girl.
[CHUCKY] What? Are you blind?
That's my boy. Yeah.
He just hasn't had his growth spurt yet.
Don't worry about it, Son.
You're a late bloomer. That's all.
And it's high time
that you had a real name.
Let's see.
I think I'm gonna call you... Glen.
[SIGHS]
Glen?
What kind of name is that for a girl?
Don't listen to him, honey.
From now on, your name is... Glenda.
- [DOOR SLAMS]
- [GASPS]
Run, Glenda.
Geez, what a mess.
Ugh!
Ahh.
There you are, Mr. Goodbar.
Mmm!
Mmm.
Jennifer Tilly.
Hello.
Hey. [GIGGLES]
[CHUCKLING] Oh, my God.
You look so real.
You look so real. [LAUGHS]
Mmm!
You're cuter than my last boyfriend.
I think we make a lovely couple. [LAUGHS]
[SCREAMS]
[SIREN WAILING]
- [CHATTERING]
- Jennifer. Jennifer.
Ms. Tilly,
were you having an affair with him?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Pete Peters, Celebrities Revealed.
- Jennifer, what did you see?
- What, you want me to draw you a picture?
Would you?
Somebody give her a piece of paper.
I'm not gonna draw you a picture, okay?
Aw, don't feel bad.
You're an actress, not an artist, huh?
What were you doing when you saw the body?
No comment.
Jennifer, I love you.
I...
Is it true you and Redman are in talks
about you starring in his new movie?
Well, yes,
as a matter of fact, that is true.
Could I have your autograph?
Okay, sure.
[MAN] We heard about your obsession
with chocolate.
Hey. Hold on. You forgot the head.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Excuse me.
- Jennifer, how old are you really?
Paparazzi scumbag.
What year were you born?
Give us the exact date.
- I want to sit up front with you.
- Sure.
[PETERS] Why are you wearing sunglasses?
What are you hiding?
Did you get a face-lift?
Hey, you okay?
Yeah. I am now.
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYS]
[WOMAN] ♪ We're on the boulevard ♪
♪ We're cruisin' in my car ♪
♪ See all the fellas
Turn to look and see ♪
♪ We roll up to the club... ♪
- [BELCHES]
- So are you a pair of Ninja assassins?
Huh?
Are you hit men for the Yakuza?
We're not from Japan. We're from Jersey.
Just think.
Jennifer Tilly's playing me in a movie.
It's absolutely perfect casting.
But that voice.
I know. She sounds just like an angel.
Now, I've got it all figured out.
I'm gonna transfer my soul into Jennifer,
and you're gonna transfer your soul
into Redman.
I'm down with that.
We'll ditch these plastic bodies
once and for all,
and we'll be Hollywood's hottest couple.
- What about me?
- Don't worry, Glenda.
I've got that figured out too.
You're going to be a real-life girl.
- Boy.
- How?
Well, I'm not getting pregnant again.
I'll tell you that much.
My mother always told me,
once is a blessing, twice is a curse.
Well, that would explain your sister.
The only sensible option
is a surrogate mother.
Hey.
- Jennifer, I have something important I...
- Hold on a second, sweetheart.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello.
- [JENNIFER] What are you doing?
- I'm busy.
I do have a life, you know.
Turn on the news.
[MAN] ...the actress discovered
the victim's body.
As of yet,
there is no official confirmation
as to whether or not
Ms. Tilly is a suspect.
- Jesus.
- Can you believe this?
- Are you okay?
- [SIGHS] I've had better days.
Listen, Joan,
I need you to do something for me.
I need you to get me a bottle of champagne
and bring it by my house.
What for?
Well... [CHUCKLES]
I've got a big night tonight.
Tonight? With who?
Redman.
[HORN HONKS]
Jennifer, what are you up to?
Thank you, Joan.
[BEEPS]
Oh, come on, Stan, it's just business.
He'll be out of there by midnight.
Oh, my God. She's a complete slut.
Nighty-night, Glenda. Sleep tight.
Leave it on.
Oh, sweetie,
there's nothing to be scared of.
Your daddy and I will be right here.
Why do you kill people?
Excuse me?
Why do you kill?
- Uh...
- Well, um...
It's a hobby, really. It helps us relax.
- Am I going to be a killer?
- Of course.
It's been a family tradition
for generations.
But violence is bad. Isn't it?
They said so on TV.
Not violence.
Violins.
Violins are bad.
That screechy music is gonna ruin
the goddamn country.
Chucky, Glenda's right.
It's time we owned up to it.
We have a problem with killing.
I don't have a "problem" with killing.
I like a little killing now and then.
What's wrong with that?
Killing is an addiction
like any other drug.
But we're parents now.
We have to set a good example.
[GASPS] Let's quit, Chucky.
Right now. Cold turkey.
You have got to be kidding.
- Promise me, Chucky. No more killing.
- Nope.
- Chucky...
- No. No.
- No more killing.
- We can't do it anymore.
- A thousand times, no.
We have the future to think of.
We have a child.
Fine!
All right, already. I promise.
Thank you, doll baby.
You're a sweetheart.
Now we really will be the perfect family.
- [SQUEAKING]
- Did you hear that?
Maybe you should forget the director
and fuck the exterminator instead.
So, how do I look?
Never mind.
Jennifer, this is beneath you.
Think about what you're doing.
What are people gonna say?
Who cares what people say?
- But don't you see how evil this is?
- I don't want to hear it.
You're prostituting yourself
so you can play the Virgin Mary.
Joan, I don't want to hear it.
Oh, this is so evil.
- You're going to hell.
- No.
Hell would be ending up
on Celebrity Fear Factor
in a worm-eating contest
with Anna Nicole Smith.
Which you'd win.
[HIP-HOP PLAYS FAINTLY ON SPEAKERS]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
He's here.
Let yourself out the back.
And while you're at it, why don't you
leave your key on the counter.
What are you saying?
Well, you think I'm so disgusting.
You think I'm going to hell.
I'm only trying to survive here, Joan.
God knows
I wouldn't want to drag you down with me.
I'm saying you're fired.
[STEREO] ♪ Cut 'em up... ♪
♪ I'm gon' hit that... ♪
- [CAR ALARM CHIRPS]
- ♪ Ass ♪
[HUMMING TUNE]
Now, in artificial insemination,
timing is everything,
so you'll have to hurry.
That shouldn't be a problem for you.
Yeah, yeah. Just don't let that player
get into her pants.
I don't want him touching my woman
till I'm him and you're her.
Right.
[SIGHS] Hey.
Aren't you gonna give me a hand here?
[DOOR SHUTS]
Hmm.
Too tall.
Hey. Lezbos.
Done her.
Ahh.
Here we go.
Come to papa.
[JENNIFER LAUGHING]
- Cheers.
- You know...
- Mm-hmm?
I wasn't bullshitting
when I told you I was a fan.
Oh, that's so sweet, Redman.
Which of my films is your favorite?
That movie when you and that chick
was making out?
- Oh, Bound. [LAUGHS]
- Oh, Lord!
- Everybody likes that one.
- You still in touch with homegirl?
- Gina?
- Yeah.
- Oh, yeah. Sure, we're friends.
- Wow.
- Close friends.
- Whoa.
Very close friends.
Maybe the three of us could
hang out together sometime.
You know, I would really like that a lot.
Okay.
- I'll see if I can make it happen.
- Bottoms up, baby.
- Salud.
- Skoal.
Redman, um, I was wondering.
What's it gonna take
to make you see me as a virgin?
Well, you tell me.
[TOGETHER] Mmm.
[MOANING]
[SHUTTER CLICKING]
[PETERS] A masturbating midget?
- [SQUEAKING]
- [PANTING]
[CHUCKLES]
- [SHUTTER CLICKS]
- Get it, Mini Meat.
[CACKLING]
Whoa.
[SHUTTER CLICKING]
Oh, sweet Jesus.
God bless the little people.
[MUTTERS] I don't know if I can do this.
[SIGHS] Why not?
Well, what will people say?
Man, fuck what people say.
You know what I'm saying?
This was meant to be, baby. For real.
Know how I know?
'Cause the man upstairs told me so.
- Really?
- Hell, yeah.
Look, Mel Gibson ain't the only one
God's been talking to in Hollywood,
and he personally told me
that you was my virgin.
Well, I guess it's...
What the hell?
[FOOTSTEPS]
[WHIMPERING]
Pig.
And you...
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Where's your self-respect?
You know what my mother used to say
about dirty girls?
She said, "You can always smell it
on girls who sell it."
Oh, by the way, Ms. Tilly,
can I have your autograph?
I'm a big fan.
[SCREAMING]
What am I supposed to do with this?
- [WHIMPERS]
- Now, Ms. Tilly, I know you're frightened.
You're probably even wondering
if you've gone completely insane.
But I promise you,
tomorrow you're going to wake up,
and this'll all seem
just like a bad dream.
In the meantime,
we can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
[CHUCKLES] It's really up to you.
- [SCREAMING]
- [SHOUTS]
No wonder her career's in trouble.
[TIFFANY, CHUCKY GRUNTING]
Check it out, Tiff.
Look at the size of his feet.
You know what they say.
Fuck, she's fat.
I can't believe it.
She's not even pregnant yet.
Paparazzi scumbag.
[HUMMING TUNE]
[SQUISHING]
Looks like you got everything
under control.
I'll just leave you to it.
[SQUISHING CONTINUES]
[CHUCKLES]
Motherhood is so beautiful.
[SNIFFLES]
[WHIMPERING] No.
- No.
- [WOMAN SCREAMS]
No.
- [LAUGHING]
- No.
[GASPS]
- Boo!
- Aah!
Shh, shh, shh!
Sorry. Just messing with you.
What time is it?
Time to get dressed.
We're gonna have
our own boys' night out, just you and me.
- How does that sound?
- Where are we going?
Hunting.
[HIP-HOP PLAYING ON SPEAKERS]
I can't see anything.
- Maybe we should slow down?
- [MUSIC CONTINUES]
No! You're doing great.
- [CAR ENGINE ACCELERATING]
- [HORN HONKING]
♪ Tell me that you love me, baby ♪
- [MUSIC CONTINUES]
- Son of a bitch!
[HONKING CONTINUES]
Up yours, asshole!
- What?
- Not you, Son.
Come on! Floor it!
♪ We got a brand-new ride
We gotta keep this tight ♪
♪ Me and my boy inside ♪
- ♪ Let's ride till the wheels fall off ♪
- [TIRES SCREECHING]
[CHUCKY CACKLING]
Oops. I did it again.
[CACKLING CONTINUES]
[CACKLING]
Jesus Christ!
No!
[GROANS]
[SIZZLING]
[SCREAMING]
- [CACKLING]
- [PETERS GROANING]
Attaboy!
No. I didn't...
And I thought you weren't ready, kid.
You're a fuckin' natural.
But he hit the shelf and...
Don't worry about your mother.
It'll be our little secret.
- [WHEEZING]
- [CAMERA FLASH CHARGING]
Say "cheese."
[GROANS]
Good morning.
Oh. Hi.
We must have really got wired last night.
Yeah.
Redman, did we...
- You don't remember?
- No.
It's all a blur. What about you?
I kind of remember you screaming a lot.
Oh, yeah. I seem to remember that too.
Yeah, I tend to have that effect on women.
- Really?
- Yeah.
[GASPS] Wait.
I do remember. I...
I had the strangest dream.
I dreamt my guardian angel came to me.
She had the sweetest voice
I've ever heard.
She told me to respect myself.
And then she asked for my autograph.
Let's see.
Step number one...
admit I have an addiction.
Okay, check.
Step number two...
give myself over to a higher power?
Whatever.
[MUTTERING]
[GASPS] Oh, here we go.
Step number nine.
"The recovering addict must make amends
to anyone he or she has harmed."
Hmm.
[BEEPING]
[LINE RINGING]
[WOMAN] Hello?
- Good morning. Is this Ruth Bailey?
- Speaking.
The widow of Robert Bailey?
Yes. Who is this?
Mrs. Bailey, my name is Tiffany Ray.
Um, you don't know me,
but a few years ago I killed your husband,
and I am so very, very sorry.
What is this, some kind of sick joke?
Oh, no. I'm completely serious.
But I want you to know
I'm in recovery now,
and I have put all of that behind me.
[HYSTERICAL SOBBING] I don't know
who you are, but this is not...
Thank you, Mrs. Bailey. Have a nice day.
[HYSTERICAL SOBBING CONTINUES]
- [LINE CLICKS]
- I feel better already. [SIGHS]
[SPEAKERS: HIP-HOP]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR ALARM CHIMING]
Morning, Stan.
Hey, wasn't there something important
you wanted to tell me?
Well, uh, the thing is, Jennifer...
[VOMITS, COUGHS]
Oh, I'm sorry. I...
[SIGHS] I don't know
what's gotten into me.
Um, so you were saying?
Forget it.
Okay.
Now, let's see.
What should we do today?
I'm pregnant.
Redman, I said I'm pregnant.
Congratulations. Who's the baby daddy?
Don't even look at me.
[SCOFFS] Well, I haven't slept with
anyone else to advance my career lately.
Who are you kidding?
It's true, Redman. Look,
I know I come off all slutty, but that...
that's for my image.
It's just...
Do you think anyone would cast me
in these sexpot roles
if they knew I hadn't been laid in a year?
I haven't even slept with my driver yet,
and I think he really likes me.
Hey, that's all very touching and shit,
but I'm telling you, it can't be me.
Why not?
I had a vasectomy as soon as
I got to Hollywood. I ain't no idiot.
- Well, that... that's impossible...
- Hey! Jennifer.
I hate to break it to you,
but I can't hire you if you're pregnant.
That's ridiculous.
The character's pregnant.
Yeah, I know,
but I have a very specific vision of Mary.
And what can I say? She gots to be hot.
And... I mean...
[SIGHS]
[JENNIFER] You are such a...
That pig!
[WHIMPERING]
[GASPS]
[LINE RINGS]
[MAN] Recovery hotline.
Yes, I'm in recovery,
and I'm afraid I'm going to have a slip.
Can you get to a meeting?
No, that's really not an option.
I'd just freak everybody out.
Now, don't be so hard on yourself.
We're not here to judge you.
- What's your name?
- Tiffany.
Listen to me, Tiffany.
I know exactly what you're going through.
- You do?
- Yes, I-I do.
In fact,
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret.
- Just last week, I had a slip.
- Really?
[CHUCKLES] Yeah.
And believe you me, it was not pretty.
- It never is, is it?
- No.
In fact, it took me three hours
just to clean up the mess.
- [GIGGLES] Oh, God, don't remind me.
- [CHUCKLES]
But I'm not beating myself up over it.
- You know why, Tiffany?
- Why?
Because Rome wasn't built in a day.
[GASPS]
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
Speaking.
Well, who's this?
All right, I know.
I understand who you are.
I just don't know
how you got my phone number.
Because it's a private,
unlisted phone number.
Pete Peters?
Oh, yeah, I saw him yesterday.
I don't have any relationship with him.
He's a pervy paparazzi
who's trying to get pictures of me
in compromising positions.
Yeah, I'm in with Redman now.
Redman. Redman.
He's a director.
Oh, yeah. No...
Well, he's a rapper too, but...
He's a rapper-director.
Okay? He's a hyphenate.
[FLESH RIPPING]
Bye-bye. [GIGGLING]
Jennifer.
Do you mind? I'm on the phone.
[GROANING]
[GIGGLING, CACKLING]
There's been another murder.
What?
No, I told you where I was.
I was right here all night with Redman.
What?
I don't under...
You're not telling me I'm a suspect.
- [SIZZLING]
- [JENNIFER] Okay.
All right, fine. Fine. Fine.
I'm on my way.
I'm leaving. You can let yourself out.
Oh, and by the way, Redman, drop dead.
[CACKLING]
[GASPS] Oh. Glenda.
Glenda, honey.
E-Everything's okay.
It was just a little slip.
There's n-no need to tell your daddy.
It'll be our little secret.
Okay? Okay?
Shh.
[FEMALE REPORTER]
It's D-Day here at San Quentin.
Who'd have thought
it would ever come to this?
They're executing Martha Stewart
this morning.
[FEMALE REPORTER] The style guru who put...
I don't think I can take nine months
of this shit.
Silly Chucky.
It's a voodoo pregnancy.
It's accelerated.
[MOCKING] How accelerated?
[MAN] It is 102.7 KIIS-FM,
LA's number-one music station.
Ryan Seacrest in the morning. Ellen K.
I don't know if I can take it.
What's on the way?
[ELLEN K] Bad weather.
LA, Hollywood and the surrounding area.
More details coming up.
- [SEACREST] We're not used to bad weather.
- [ELLEN K] No, we're not.
[SEACREST] I'm not sure
how that's gonna affect my whole vibe.
Could really mess up the hair.
Block my pores,
depending on what kind of weather it is.
- [GLASS SHATTERS]
- [JENNIFER SCREAMS]
Oh.
[SCREAMING]
[WHIMPERING, GASPING]
[DIALING, LINE RINGING]
- This is Joan.
- Joan!
Joan, I'm... I'm... I'm fat!
- You're not fat.
- No, I am fat. I'm... I'm huge.
For the love of Mary, I'm pregnant.
- Oh, my God.
- No, I should have listened to you, Joan.
You said it was evil
and I was going to hell.
Well, you were right,
and now God is punishing me.
Oh, God. Is it Redman's?
No, it's definitely not Redman's.
- What?
It's definitely not Redman's.
What an asshole.
- Wh-What makes you say that?
- Say what?
That Redman is an asshole.
- I didn't say it. You did.
- No, I didn't.
So he's not an asshole?
Yes, he is.
Joan, will you please stop doing that!
- Doing what?
- Imitating me!
- I do not sound like that!
- Oh, yes, you do...
- I do.
- Joan!
Will you shut up!
There's something really wrong with me!
- I'm pregnant!
- [CHUCKY YELLS]
- [GASPS]
- Jennifer, what's wrong?
- [YELLING CONTINUES]
- Um, nothing.
- Nothing. I'm fine.
- I heard you scream.
I can still hear you screaming.
Oh. Um, it's just...
Well, Bound is on cable.
Gina Gershon is fingering me.
[YELLING CONTINUES]
[TIFFANY] I love this movie. Don't you?
[SCREAMING]
- Jennifer!
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
That's really interesting,
but I gotta go. Bye.
[THUDDING]
- [DIAL TONE]
- Jennifer?
[GASPING, WHIMPERING]
- Too tight?
- Yes. [GROANS]
Ain't no such thing.
Ahh.
What are you doing?
Stop it.
What the hell is going on in here?
She, uh, came on to me.
- Help me! Somebody help me.
- Shut her up, asshole.
Help me!
Somebody help me!
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
What the hell is this?
We had an agreement, Chucky.
We decided, for the sake of our child,
we weren't gonna do this shit anymore.
No, you decided.
Just like you decided our son was a girl.
- He is a girl.
- He is a boy, goddamn it.
And he's the most promising killer
I have ever seen.
You should have been there, Tiff.
You would have been so proud of him.
- I want a girl.
- I want a boy.
You're tearing me apart!
What about what I want?
- What?
Doesn't what I want mean anything at all?
Oh.
Okay. Interesting.
- Tell us.
- What do you want, sweetface?
I think...
I want to be a boy.
Yes! In your face, lady.
But being a girl would be nice too.
Hmm.
- Well, which is it?
- [GLEN] I'm not sure.
Sometimes I feel like a boy.
Sometimes I feel like a girl.
[GASPS] Can't I be both?
Well, some people...
Uh-uh. No way.
But one thing I do know for sure.
I don't want to be a killer.
- [STAMMERING]
- Oh, Glenda...
Glen... Whatever.
I'm so proud of you.
No matter what happens,
we'll deal with it together,
as a family.
Okay, okaasan.
Wait a minute.
I'm not gonna let you poison
our son's mind
with your touchy-feely 12-step bullshit.
If you two don't want to kill anymore,
that's your loss.
But don't look down your noses at me.
I'm not ashamed to be a killer.
I'm proud of it.
It's not an addiction. It is a choice.
And it is not something that
you should have to hide in the closet.
- Whoa!
- [BOTH GASPING]
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING]
- [GLEN] Oh.
Oh, dear.
Oh, God. [WHIMPERING]
Well, well, well.
Looks like Miss High and Mighty
ain't so perfect after all.
It was just a little slip.
Rome wasn't built in a day, you know.
Besides, the fucker really had it coming.
- Well, what about my body?
- I'll take care of it.
[DIALING]
Jennifer, I love you.
- Jennifer, I love you.
- [PHONE RINGING]
I love you.
This is Stan.
Hello. It's Jennifer.
Stan, baby, I need your body.
I'll be right there.
[BEEPS]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Jennifer, if anything happens to me,
I want you to know that... [MUFFLED]
[CACKLING]
They really do make a cute couple.
Don't you think?
It is like my mother always said...
Christ!
Enough with your mother already.
I killed that bitch 20 years ago,
and she still won't shut up.
[MOANING, WHIMPERING]
There, there.
It won't be long now.
[THUNDER CRASHING]
- [ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
- [GASPS]
- [POUNDING]
- [JOAN] Jennifer!
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[POUNDING CONTINUES]
Jennifer!
[MUFFLED SCREAMING CONTINUES]
- Who is it?
- [JOAN] Jennifer!
It's that nosy bitch, Joan.
I'll take care of her.
I wouldn't want you to violate
your delicate sensibilities.
[JENNIFER SCREAMING, MUFFLED]
Jennifer!
[BEEPING]
[THUNDER CONTINUES RUMBLING]
Jennifer?
Jennifer!
[CHUCKY CHUCKLES]
[CHUCKY SNICKERING]
Jennifer.
- [BOTH SCREAMING, MUFFLED]
- [THUNDER CRASHING]
[JOAN] Oh, my God.
Jennifer?
Look out behind you! Joan!
[SCREAMING]
[JENNIFER] No!
[CHUCKLING] Dang!
[WHIMPERING, CRYING]
Look, I'm not gonna give you crap.
Nobody's perfect, Tiff.
I got a few skeletons
in the closet myself.
[SCREAMING]
See?
- [CRYING]
- Oh, come on, Tiff.
How long did it take to build Rome anyway?
Tiff.
[CACKLING]
[GASPS]
Glen?
Guess again, Daddy.
Glenda?
That's my name.
Don't you wear it out.
Oh, shit.
What did I miss?
Oh, nothing much.
I just fired Joan.
[CACKLING]
Looks like you win after all, Tiff.
Congratulations.
Oh, you both win. I'm a real lady-killer,
if you catch my drift.
I'm a bona fide bonus baby. [CACKLING]
Jesus Christ, Chucky.
What did you do to him?
- What did I do?
- Mmm!
At least I spent time with the kid.
Glen, wake up.
Stop it, Mummy.
You'll wrinkle my dress.
Oh, and how do you like it?
I made it meself.
Like mother, like daughter, eh?
- [CACKLING]
- [THUNDER CRASHING]
Like mother, like daughter. Get it?
Mother and daughter! Mother, daughter...
[CACKLING]
I said wake up. Right now.
[GASPS]
Mum? Dad?
What am I?
[SCREAMING]
Push, Ms. Tilly. Push.
I am pushing, you little star-fucker!
Pay no attention
to Little Miss Potty Mouth.
She's hormonal.
- [SQUISHING]
- Oh, my God.
It's coming.
I can see its little head.
[SQUISHING]
- [BABY CRYING]
- [GROANING]
What is it? What is it?
It's a boy.
A boy.
Oh, thank God.
[JENNIFER SOBBING] Give me my baby.
I want my baby.
[SCREAMING]
What?
[GASPS] Oh!
Chucky. Chucky.
Uh, we're... we're not done here yet.
- What?
- Jennifer isn't done.
We've got another one here.
- What?
- Push, Jennifer.
Push. Push. Push. Push it out. Push.
- [SQUISHING]
- [BABY CRYING]
What's this one?
[GROANING]
It's a girl.
Groovy!
Ai-yi-yi-yi-yi.
[COOING]
Chucky, it's time.
- [THUNDER CRASHING]
- Ade due Damballa.
- Give me the power, I beg of you.
- Hold it!
Chucky, first he has to choose.
I beg your pardon.
[CHUCKLES] Sorry. She has to choose.
- We don't have time for this shit.
- Wait, Chucky.
We have a son and a daughter.
Glen and Glenda.
Don't you get it?
Maybe they don't have to choose.
[SIREN WAILING]
Help!
Hurry, Chucky. Do the chant.
Chucky, do it now.
- Help us. Help us.
- Come on.
Chucky, what are you standing there for?
Do the chant.
- [BABBLING]
- Don't you remember the words?
- [WAILING]
- What are you waiting for? Do it!
- Chucky!
- [JENNIFER CONTINUES SCREAMING]
- [BABBLING]
- [WAILING]
- [SCREAMING]
- Do it!
Everybody just shut up!
I have had it.
That's it.
There is a limit to how much I can take.
What are you talking about?
Look around you, Tiff!
This is nuts.
And I have a very high tolerance
for "nuts."
If this is what it takes to be human,
then I would rather take my chances
as a supernaturally possessed doll.
It's less complicated.
You can't be serious.
As a heart attack.
Think about it. What's so great
about being human anyway?
You get sick. You get old.
You can't get it up anymore.
I'm not looking forward to that.
- [THUNDERCLAP]
- But...
I want to be Jennifer Tilly.
I want to be a star.
And I don't want to be your chauffeur.
As a doll, I'm fucking infamous.
I'm one of the most notorious slashers
in history,
and I don't want to give that up.
I am Chucky, the killer doll!
- And I dig it!
- [THUNDERCLAP]
I have everything I want...
a beautiful wife...
a multi-talented kid.
This is who I am, Tiff.
This is me.
Chucky,
I don't know what the fuck
you're talking about.
I don't know who the fuck you are anymore.
But it's not enough for me.
I want more.
What are you saying?
It's over.
We've gotta get out of here, sweetface.
I'm leaving you, Chucky,
and I'm taking the kid.
Nobody leaves me.
Nobody!
- [THUNDERCLAP]
- No!
- Stan!
- [GROANS]
- [SCREAMS]
- [BABIES WAILING]
Jennifer, I... I...
I lo...
I lo... [GROANS]
Stan, tell me. Tell me.
Tell me. What?
[EXHALES]
[JENNIFER GASPS]
[SOBBING]
[GROANS]
Jesus.
[BABIES WAILING]
[JENNIFER SOBBING]
Oh, my God.
My... My babies.
Give me my babies.
[AMBULANCE DOOR CLOSES]
I just want to know where they are.
They're fine, Jennifer.
They're in the maternity ward.
- All right. Was that so hard?
- The important thing now is getting well
so you can get on with your life
and career.
I don't care about my career.
I want my babies.
I'm working on it, Jennifer,
but you're not making it easy.
I already talked to the cops.
They cleared me.
They know you're not a killer. They
didn't say you were mentally competent.
What do you expect,
after the story you told them?
It's true.
Yeah. Well, I suggest from now on
you keep that to yourself.
Hmm?
We'll talk later.
[MONITOR BEEPING]
Try to get some sleep.
[WOMAN ON PA]
Dr. Jensen to Geriatrics, please.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SIGHS]
[GROANS]
[JENNIFER WHIMPERING]
[GASPING]
[JENNIFER GROANS]
Wish me luck, sweetface.
Mommy's gonna be a star.
- [GASPING]
- [GASPS]
[CHUCKLING]
I can't think of a thing to say. Fuck it!
Ade due Damballa.
Give me the power, I beg of you.
Leveau mercier du bois chaloitte.
Secoisse entienne mais pois de morte.
Ade due Damballa!
And switch! And switch!
Switch! Switch! Switch!
- [GASPS]
- No!
Nobody leaves me.
Nobody.
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[WEEPING]
Okaasan.
Oh.
Oh, honey,
be a good girl
or... or boy.
Whatever.
D-Don't make the same mistakes
your mom and dad made.
Especially your dad.
[EXHALES]
[IN JAPANESE]
- [KARATE YELLS]
- [GROANING]
Let's go.
[BOTH YELLING]
[SCREAMING]
Glenda?
No, Dad. It's me.
Your boy.
Your chip off the old block.
You proud of me now, Daddy?
Are ya?
[GASPING]
Attaboy, kid.
Attaboy.
[GLEN WHIMPERING]
There, there.
It's all right.
It's gonna be all right.
There, there.
[GLEN SOBBING, WHIMPERING]
Oh, honey.
It's all right.
[CHILDREN CHATTERING, LAUGHING]
Yesterday,
she gave Dana Shelton a bloody nose
and took pictures of it for show-and-tell.
She called the cat the "C" word,
and I'm pretty sure
she's been taking money from my purse.
That's ridiculous.
Glen, he's an angel, an absolute dream.
But Glenda...
She's a bad girl, Ms. Tilly.
A very bad girl.
I'm not listening to this.
[NANNY SIGHS]
- I hate that thing.
- Some of the kids really want to see her.
- Ms. Tilly.
- What?
I'm afraid of her.
Oh, Fulvia. It's only a doll.
I was talking about Glenda.
[JENNIFER SIGHS]
Fulvia,
just exactly what are you trying to say?
I can't work here anymore.
- What?
- I'm sorry. I just can't.
If you only saw the way
she looks at me... with such hate.
All right, Fulvia.
If that's what you want.
We'll miss you.
- Thank you, Ms. Tilly.
- Hmm.
- God bless.
[YELLING]
[GASPING, SIGHING]
[GLEN'S VOICE] Mum got her wish.
She's a bright, shining star.
Now we're the perfect family.
I've learned a lot about myself.
I know I'm not alone.
I know I'm not a freak.
And even though we had our differences,
I know my dad really loved me.
Oh, Glen!
Glen, sweetheart, come over here.
[CHATTERING]
Here, sweetheart, look.
Here's another one.
- Who is it from, Mummy?
- I don't know.
Hmm. Let's see.
Huh. Doesn't say.
Strange. Doesn't say who it is.
Bye, sweetheart.
Don't run so fast. You're gonna trip.
[JENNIFER] So anyway,
he determined that he was gonna go up...
[JENNIFER CONTINUES, FAINT]
[NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
- [GLEN SCREAMS]
- [CHUCKY CACKLING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYS]
[SCREAMING]
[WOMAN] ♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna find ya
I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha ♪
♪ One way or another
I'm gonna win ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna getcha getcha, getcha ♪
♪ One way or another, I'm gonna see ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya, meet ya
Meet ya, meet ya ♪
♪ One day, maybe next week ♪
♪ I'm gonna meet ya
I'm gonna meet ya, I'll meet ya ♪
♪ I will ♪
♪ Drive past your house ♪
♪ And if ♪
♪ The lights are down ♪
♪ I'll see who's around ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna find ya, I'm gonna
Getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha ♪
♪ One way or another, I'm gonna win ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha ♪
♪ And if ♪
♪ The lights are down ♪
♪ I'll see who's around ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya
I'm gonna give you the slip ♪
♪ I'll slip outta here for another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya
I'm gonna trick ya, I'll trick ya ♪
♪ One way or another
I'm gonna lose ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna trick ya, trick ya
Trick ya, trick ya ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya
I'm gonna give you the slip ♪
♪ I'll walk down the mall
Stand over by the wall ♪
♪ Where I can see it all
Find out who you call ♪
♪ Lead you to the supermarket checkout ♪
♪ Some specials and rat food
Get lost in the crowd ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ Where I can see it all
Find out who you call ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ Some specials and rat food
Get lost in the crowd ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ Where I can see it all
Find out who you call ♪
♪ Some specials and rat food
Get lost in the crowd ♪
[TIFFANY]
I just love this movie. Don't you?
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS]
[MAN] ♪ Let's hit the street tonight
We got a brand-new ride ♪
♪ We got a beat that's tight
Me and my boy inside ♪
♪ Let's ride till the wheels fall off ♪
♪ All the ladies scream and shout ♪
- ♪ All the fellas ball ♪
- ♪ Ball ♪
♪ 'Cause we goin' to the club tonight ♪
♪ Man, I'm buyin' up the bar
Once I get inside ♪
♪ East Coast, West Coast
Show love from the north to the south ♪
- ♪ Everybody cut it up, cut it up ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪ [GRUNTS]
- ♪ Cut it up ♪
- Yeah!
♪ Cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut 'em up ♪
♪ Ooh, look at the big-time stunner ♪
♪ Cruisin' down Mulholland
In a new Hummer ♪
♪ You know it's stolen
You know I stay rollin' ♪
♪ Me and my boy-boy
We ride like soldiers ♪
♪ Big Chucky, ooh, I'm so lucky ♪
♪ I'm a murderous psychopath toy
They can't touch me ♪
♪ I'm iller than MJ's Thriller ♪
♪ See the scar on my face?
Like Pacino, I'm a killer ♪
- ♪ Cut it up ♪
- Yeah!
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪ [GRUNTS]
- ♪ Cut it up ♪
- Yeah!
♪ Cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut 'em up ♪
♪ Whoever thought that I was a joke ♪
♪ I slit they throat
Then drink a rum and Coke ♪
♪ Makin' a movie
And I'm iller than ever ♪
♪ Tougher than leather
And way more clever ♪
♪ Everybody in the club feelin' this ♪
♪ Big Chucky with his son
And of course his missus ♪
♪ So beware if you got a flat tire ♪
♪ Stab Jason, Freddy Krueger
And even Michael Myers ♪
- ♪ Cut it up ♪
- Yeah
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪ [GRUNTS]
- ♪ Cut it up ♪
- Yeah
♪ Cut it up ♪
♪ Cut it up, cut it up ♪
♪ Cut 'em up ♪
[MUSIC FADES]
[CHUCKY] I can't think of a thing to say.
Fuck it.
[CACKLING]
Oh, God!